c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\LiveGame.dll.config
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\LiveGame.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\LiveGame.pdb
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\obj\Release\LiveGame.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\obj\Release\LiveGame.pdb
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\obj\Release\LiveGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Modelo.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Presentacion.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Repositorio.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Servicio.dll
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Modelo.pdb
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Presentacion.pdb
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Repositorio.pdb
c:\Users\aallanrd\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App\LiveGame\bin\Servicio.pdb
